input_1 - trainable: False
block1_conv1 - trainable: False
block1_conv2 - trainable: False
block1_pool - trainable: False
block2_conv1 - trainable: False
block2_conv2 - trainable: False
block2_pool - trainable: False
block3_conv1 - trainable: False
block3_conv2 - trainable: False
block3_conv3 - trainable: False
block3_pool - trainable: False
block4_conv1 - trainable: True
block4_conv2 - trainable: True
block4_conv3 - trainable: True
block4_pool - trainable: True
block5_conv1 - trainable: True
block5_conv2 - trainable: True
block5_conv3 - trainable: True
block5_pool - trainable: True
flatten_1 - trainable: True
dense_1 - trainable: True
dense_2 - trainable: True
